Permission path delimiter (#48944)
nodejs/node: doc/api/cli.md

following permissions are restricted:

* File System - manageable through

>   [`--allow-fs-read`][], [`--allow-fs-write`][] and [`--permission-fs-path-delimiter`][] flags

Reviewer: I'm not sure it makes sense to add this here as this list is more about flags that restrict access and not general configuration.

Author: I was unsure too, I'll remove it

are used to provide a kind of selective "early warning" mechanism that
developers may leverage to detect deprecated API usage.

### `--permission-fs-path-delimiter`

<!-- YAML
added: REPLACEME
-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

This flag configures the file system path delimiter for permissions using
the [Permission Model][].

Examples can be found in the [File System Permissions][] documentation.

Special shell characters such as `;` must be escaped or quoted:

```bash
node --experimental-permission --permission-fs-path-delimiter=\; \

> --allow-fs-read=/path/to/index.js index.js

Reviewer 2: I think the example should contain the `;` to clarify. 

Also, if you call `--permission-fs-path-delimiter=";"` it should solve the escape part.

Author: Yes it does. I commented both options were possible

Reviewer 2: I'd leave this warning to `Accessing files with comma in path` part and use ; here directly.

Author: I think I did what you meant, can you confirm?

are used to provide a kind of selective "early warning" mechanism that
developers may leverage to detect deprecated API usage.

### `--permission-fs-path-delimiter`

<!-- YAML

> added: v20.0.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
added: REPLACEME
```

Reviewer 2: @Ceres6 you marked it as resolved, but it didn't change yet

-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> This flag configures file system path delimiter for permissions using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag configures the file system path delimiter for permissions using
```

the [Permission Model][].

Examples can be found in the [File System Permissions][] documentation.

> Especial characters in bash as `;` must be escaped or quoted:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special shell characters such as as `;` must be escaped or quoted:
```

Author: I think there is an extra unneeded as "such as as"
